13 starboard (#96)
BYU-CS-Discord/CSBot: README.md

Tracks a statistic for the issuer. Use the `track` subcommand to begin tracking, `update` to add or subtract to it, `list` to show all the stats being tracked for the issuer, `leaderboard` to show the users with the highest scores for a stat, and `untrack` to stop tracking a stat for you.

### /setreactboard

> Creates a new reactboard or updates an existing one. A reactboard is a channel where the bot will repost messages that recieve a specified number of a specified reaction. The primary use is for a starboard where messages that recieve the right number of stars will be added, along with how many stars they recieved.

Reviewer: recieved ~> received

```suggestion
Creates a new reactboard or updates an existing one. A reactboard is a channel where the bot will repost messages that recieve a specified number of a specified reaction. The primary use is for a starboard where messages that receive the right number of stars will be added, along with how many stars they received.
```

### Invite your bot to your server

> Go to https://discordapi.com/permissions.html#379165174848 and paste in your bot's client ID to get an invite link.

Author: This is to add reaction management permissions. We'll need to re-invite Cappy after this is merged, and anyone with a a dev bot might also need to reinvite the bot.
